hi personal beauty here who speaks in
shift and in the video of today we are here
with another tutorial on how to install
molds in minecraft the trend plus one
request of a spirit that is the channel of the
b10 the badass he asked to teach as
install the next mode
The good thing about this personal series is that we
ends up knowing new molds right
remembering that the purpose of this series
is not show the mod teaches is like it
that functions as graffiti items but
how to install to teach how to install
mod good this lot of good things and
add beast in minecraft has more than
250 combinations there you can create your
beast and customizing it is good for
install we'll need the next bond
huh
just click here in the download for six
will be redirected to this page and
just download here is the link just click
wait for the six seconds here and click
in skip né
let's wait here click on team and
it will start to download if it opens
advertisements here just close the page
Christmas and we also need to Foje
My part is already here with Ford and with
the good modicus that will be placed in the folder
templates of your mini crash first of all
if you want to make a backup of your there
minecraft point paste just go there at
percent pp percent beauty is only
contact her with iha you compact her
case of problem is just delete your
folder that point the minecraft and extracted
your compressed beauty folder back there
normal
well then let's go here first
install ford
I'll try to install here without having given
a full minecraft and says that people
need to play there with a nikon
so come give a play here
I'll make the video work here.
beauty and spoke that the minecraft is case
did not appear java here personal
for you here is you look here
choose for a pattern if anyway
Do not worry, you try to check if you have
a java installed goes there on the java site
and low checked everything right beauty
is already installed the ford is not enough then
copy that file from the mod and there in the
your minecraft point paste ne
and here puts in the square bikes but poxa
do not have passages a is because we do not
we have a play with ford profile but
There, it 's only a child.
no problems beauty passes bikes and
add the file here something else
folks
we do not even speak several North there who
want to make some your own pec
mold is just following in the footsteps of those
other tutorials and playing the files
here are the ways you are going to
It 's really simple to play there.
good is already installed here the crossbow
So, here we go, give a workout.
minecraft with the profile of the fort ne
not showing the profile of the fort here
Look, just get the fort installed.
Back here without any beauty problems.
The second time that happens to me, only
have install here without problems let's
There, now it will appear. Let's see.
that soon appeared without problems
some bug just stalls and crash
boehm where the mold of the beast will be
installed I had done is that a test
a very interesting off mode very much
Very cool, let's put it here.
creative
Let's see how much more like what it is.
this crossbow mode here for those who do not
I did not even know pauliki shows inside the
water cool in django still left
change the video settings here
ok put here in the maximum brightness that is
to go to us our inventory goes
have a new robot here
The potion looks only at both the head and the
has your specialty has this one
I do not know what lava
the text has one that plays the game I think
is nothing is is a whole must think it has
one she puts torches also
explosions is that we will try here where
come here of lava is the one that places
this lava exploding spends time she
explode and here's our expensive ray
very cute very very cool that mold
here personal beauty plus a tutorial and
made for you and thank the
You're giving me beauty, it's if you
liked the one he left favorite
to help in the dissemination of the channel and
for those who have not registered sign up
Then until the next a hug said
went